>> New documentary.
>> Ngaligumerra.
That in essence
means of the light.
I am as a woman of Earth
and as people of the light,
we are here as one.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> And we connected with nature.
And when we're living
it in sacred relating,
we see and feel the
unique expression and soul
of every single living
thing, but we also
recognize it is the one
same spirit and soul.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> Every successful world
in our galaxy has one system
of government and one currency.
There's no successful, civilized
world that doesn't do that.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> I think that there are people
that we agree to incarnate with
at a certain time.
But I think there's
this elaborate plan that
comes into place before
we come to Earth.
>> Only on Gaia.
[AUDIO LOGO]